TO: [Shelf Recruiter Name]
SUBJECT: Re: Head of Automation at Shelf — A Demonstration

Hi [Name],

Thank you for the update. I'd genuinely welcome any feedback on where I fell
short — even a sentence would help.

Before I close this out, I want to show you something concrete. I've been
building AgenticQA: a multi-agent CI/CD platform that autonomously analyzes
codebases, attributes violations to developers via git blame, auto-applies
fixes, and compounds its accuracy with every run.

I ran it against three of your top repos this week:

  Repo                        Stars   Issues Found   Auto-Fixed   Developer Risk
  --------------------------  ------  -------------  -----------  --------------
  chrome-aws-lambda-layer     748★    0              —            Clean
  jest-mongodb                602★    11             0            0.99 / 0.94
  jest-dynamodb               196★    11             1            0.83

Specific findings in jest-mongodb and jest-dynamodb — your two core testing
libraries:

  - 3 test files (mongo-parallelism*.test.ts) contain conditionals inside Jest
    tests. These can silently mask failures and produce non-deterministic
    results — exactly the class of bug that makes test suites untrustworthy.

  - loadConfig in src/helpers.ts has cyclomatic complexity of 10 (your own
    ESLint limit is 5). The function is difficult to unit test and fragile as
    config options expand.

  - 6 require() imports scattered across jest-dynamodb's TypeScript source
    files — flagged as errors by your own ESLint config. These bypass module
    resolution and tree-shaking.

  - 4 deprecated @ts-ignore comments across both repos. TypeScript's own team
    deprecated this directive; on error-free lines it does nothing, silently
    hiding intent.

The two developers responsible for these patterns have EWMA risk scores of
0.993 and 0.942 — meaning their violations have been consistently unresolved
across multiple runs. AgenticQA identified them in seconds via git blame.

This is a small sample. Across your full 55-repo org, the signal compounds —
every new repo makes the model smarter about which patterns are structural vs.
fixable.

I built this because I believe the future of QA isn't more manual processes —
it's autonomous agents that learn. I think Shelf would agree, given what
you're building.

If there's any appetite for a 20-minute demo, I'd welcome it.

Best,
Nick Homyk
